feat: new IBM QRadar alert channel resource (#76)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/alert_channel_qradar.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Alert Channels"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_alert_channel_qradar"
description: |-
  Create and manage IBM QRadar Alert Channel integrations
---

# lacework\_alert\_channel\_qradar

> You can configure an alert channel to receive Lacework alert notifications in IBM QRadar.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure an alert channel to send Lacework alert notifications to IBM QRadar.

```
